Terminology:
    current pane: The pane that you're currently in
    other pane: The pane that you're not currently in

1. Copying a file to other pane:
To copy a single file, use arrow up/down keys to highlight the file
Use Mod + Shift + c to copy the file to the other pane
or Mod + Shift + m to move the file to the other pane

To copy a group of files to other pane:
- Use up or down arrow keys to get to a file
- Use shift + up or down arrow keys to highlight first file
- Release shift key and use up or down arrow keys to highlight more files
- The up or down arrow keys can also be used to de-highlight an highlighted file
- Press Mod + shift + c to copy the highlighted files to other pane
- Or Mod + shift + m to move the files to other pane

2. To copy files to current pane:
To copy a file to current pane, a selection has to be made not just highlights
- Use up or down arrow keys to get to a file
- Use shift + up or down arrow keys to highlight first file
- Release the shift key and use up or down arrow keys to highlight more files
- The up or down arrow keys can also be used to de-highlight an highlighted file
- Press enter to select the highlighted files
- In the current pane, navigate to the directory the files should be copied to
- Press Mod + c to copy the files to current pane
- Mod + m to move the files to current pane

3. To copy files to an highlighted directory in the current pane:
- Select the files as in (2) above
- Use up or down arrow keys to get to the target directory
- Use Mod + i to copy the files into the highlighted directory
- Or Mod + shift + i to move the files into the highlighted directory


Highlighting multiple files
2. Highlight a block:
Use the up or down arrow key to get to the first file.
Use shift + up or down arrow key to hightlight the file.
Release the shift key and use up or down arrow key to get to the second file.
The first file, the second file, and all the files in between will be highlighted

3. Hightlight a block with mouse
Shift + click on the first file
Shift + click on the second file
First file, second file, and all file in between will be hightlighted

4. Highlight as you go with a mouse:
Mod + click on the first file
Click on the other files to add them to highlights

5. Highlighting a block with the command window
Mod + s
Type name of first file
Enter
Type name of second file
Enter
First file, second file, and all files in between will be highlighted

6. Highlight with globs
Mod + 8
Globs should be in quotes. Separate globs with commas.

After highlighting one of the following can be done:
1. Press escape to cancel the selection
2. Press enter to accept highlighted files into selection
3. Press Mod + shift + c to copy the files to the other pane
4. Press Mod + shift + m to move the files to the other pane

After accepting the selection, use up or down arrow keys to highlight a
directory and use Mod + c to copy the selection into the directory.

How to navigate into a directory:

Ensure you're in directory mode (use the Mod key to toggle directory mode),
type the name of the directory and press enter to navigate into it in the current pane.
Or shift enter to open it in other pane. If you type the path to a file, the file is
opened using your default program

If the directory is in the list of hotlisted directories, use
the function keys to open it. E.g. F1 opens the first directory in the hotlist,
F2 opens the second directory in the list, etc. Use Shift and Function key to
open the directory in other pane. If the entry is a file, the file is opened
in the default application.

Switch to navigation mode by pressing the Mod key.
In this mode, i and k,  (or alternatively e and d) go up and down respectively.
The arrow keys can also be used.
Press enter to navigate into the directory in the current pane, or shift enter to 
navigate into it in the other pane. If it's a file, it will be opened with the 
default program.



To Copy files:
Mod shift c works with highlighted files
Mod c works with selected files
Mod c copies to the current pane, while Mod shift c copies to other pane.


Press enter to accept highlighted files as selection.
Press escape to cancel selection.

Mod v always works on selected items. Also, Mod v only works on highlighted target
directory, rather than the directory opened in the (current) pane
Mod + v: Copy selected items into currently highlighted directory
Mod shift v: Move selected items into currently highlighted directory

Use Mod R to delete files and directories (or just the delete key ). Mod Z to undo.
